Logger implementation and tests (#265)
ansys/pymechanical: doc/source/user_guide_embedding/logging.rst

.. _ref_embedding_user_guide_logging:

*******
Logging
*******

Mechanical has a logging system that is useful when debugging issues. Normally, it is
enabled by setting environment variables before starting Mechanical. With PyMechanical,
it is possible to configure logging at any time, whether it is before or after creating

> the embedded Application, using the same Python API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the embedded application, using the same Python API.
```

> Use the :class:`Configuration <ansys.mechanical.core.embedding.logger.Configuration>` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the :class:`Configuration <ansys.mechanical.core.embedding.logger.Configuration>` class to
```

> configure logging to the stdout for all warning messages and above(that is error and fatal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure logging to the stdout for all warning messages and above (which are error and fatal messages).
```

For example:

.. code:: python

    import ansys.mechanical.core as mech
    from ansys.mechanical.core.embedding.logger import Configuration, Logger

    Configuration.configure(level=logging.WARNING, to_stdout=True)
    _ = mech.App()

> After the embedded application has been created, you can write messages to the this same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the embedded application has been created, you can write messages to the same
```

> log using the :class:`Logger <ansys.mechanical.core.embedding.logger.Logger>` like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
log using the :class:`Logger <ansys.mechanical.core.embedding.logger.Logger>` class like this:
```
